Yes This disturbing is the choker Today I would like to talk about gear wheels
In the old days, when I called the telephone room of Takara Tomy's customer's office, I almost slept it.
What did you do for almost free, but now
With good probability
That charge has come to be paid to say a little about it
And I wonder how much it will cost, maybe this before weight
If you do say please replace Nde is cracked Sekiya does not work the first car
2nd
White tag 12 rock that did not go g
A little a now Te Yes No more than to be healed on their own it is is this so got in blown away
I would like to count how many gear there is.
Yes, I've brought in a slightly broken gear so I count what I have
I would like to you number 11 No. 4
Lock what patch this is not done
Rampage and say standing 11 I 12 stream 34 in it is there is no gear that hits to this 56
17:18 19
Quite
21st place 2223
There are 2420 houses and there are 25 pieces.
But I know this is cracked gear by saying yes to is this-out and I during this leaf
I have a count and I will try to count
I bought this same dormitory with 12 Haga 12 guys and this shirring was made by town man and store power
I Hate Now I'd think to be a feeling taking new Ru put and remove it
Look for so that I mean to sell a commercial I the same thing as this do not know a little
If there is a little video
A little properly moving it to what kind of how I repair properly is I would like to introduce
Because I want to put out
Yes is gear today
Thank you for watching it was just a video that has been
Such as Feedback is
Yeah yeah yeah
woo
Hmm